hi friends, I am amber and today we start a
space for us women
our meeting point woman not
dance couple how many do we like the
dance to all true and sometimes we like
so much that we do not want to stop
I want to invite her to never stop
dance and when I talk about dancing
I mean work to pursue fight for
our goals and our dreams the
secret of success is in pursuing your
dreams
success synonymous with triumph and this
Friend arrives when the
objectives and goals set in our
life projects a woman who
develops your emotional intelligence and
she feels satisfied with what she has
achieved is undoubtedly a happy woman and
done does not seem to dance is the
symbolism of how important it is to
we women sure of each other
same
true to our dedicated values
committed
of life that in this great track of
dance that is the world we can feel
able and not at all control of driving
our destiny visualize and work
to achieve the success with which
we have always dreamed friend the subject of
Women especially women entrepreneurs
is very fashionable but the question that
we should do is because in full
21st century some sectors question
what the woman is capable of doing and not
make the reality that is that we
we have so much capacity to
perform in the business world
as in all areas of our
lives starting from this premise we have
to see that those famous and
pre-granted myths are already part of the
past we have fought and
We have to proudly say that
we have won
Now what is important is to talk about
our realities as safe women
generous independent balanced
businesswomen and warriors of life we go
to focus on this step for us
and how we have to work on everything
if we have to play several roles to
the time without losing the passion attention
and the responsibility towards each of
they always remember women do not stop
to dance